
1.Test cases for "Choose Document of Your Choice"
Verify that the "choose file " Option With the Upload Button Are Showing or not.
Verify that the cancel button are available or not.
Verify that the cancel button has been working or not while upload process is going on.
Check if selected file Name Showing/Displaying or not .
Verify that when user upload a file size more than the Specified size in MB.
Verify that the file extension when user uploads a file is DOC, XLXS. 
Verify that user able to upload multiple file in one time.
Verify the upload progress bar is displayed soon after clicking the Upload Button.
Verify the alert message displaying,when user click on upload button without selecting any file .
Verify the alert message displaying,when user upload a wrong extension file/Unsupported file extension.
Verify that specified file size allowed should be displayed below the link of upload.
Verify the alert message displaying,when user upload a file more than the specified size.
verify for session time out .
Verify the upload button by selecting Duplicate file.
Verify the alert message displaying upon selecting duplicate file.
Verify the upload button disable or not when upload of a file already in progress.
Verify the progress bar resume or not when there is any network issue.


2.Test cases for "Take a Selfie"
Verify that camera permission given by user to access photos from gallery.
verify that alert message displayed if no permission Given.
Verify that on clicking on Take selfie,it pionts to camera.
Verify that photo uploaded size more than specified size in some KB.
verify that photo extension when user uploads a photo is in PNG and JPGE etc.
Verify that photo extension is of which extension.
verify that photo selected is other than unsupported extension type.
Verify that alert message displayed if extension not supported.
Verify that multiple photos user able to upload.
Verify the alert message displaying,when user click on upload button without taking an selfie.
Verify that the cancel button are available or not.
Verify that the cancel button has been working or not while upload process is going on.
Verify that upload option showing once after taking selfie.
Verify that cancel option showing during the time of upload the selfie.
Verify that after clicking cancel option the should stay in camera app itself.
Verify the upload button disable or not when upload of a Photo already in progress.
Verify the progress bar resume or not when there is any network issue.

3.Test cases for "Checkbox Fucntion"
Verify Checkbox can be selected by user first.
Verify alert message appears if document upload and selfie upload is mandate to check the checkbox.
Verify Checkbox not selected if document choosen and No selfie uploaded.
Verify Checkbox not selected if no document choosen and selfie uploaded.
Verify Checkbox can be checked upon uploading document and selfie.
Verify a robot check appears with captcha to enter it upon checking the checkbox.
Verify if a robot check appears with captcha to enter it upon checking the checkbox.


4.Test cases for "start Button"
Verify with start button clicked first by the user.
Verify the alert message appears that before clicking start the uploading process done.
verify a progress bar started for uploading the file.
Verify the start button progress bar resume or not when there is any network issue.




